Walk threw and set up bugs
Error reporting
	-not set up correctly
	-not displaying any info
	-Not sure how to configure error reporting.
	-Not sure how to turn off or on error reporting. 
FIXED ~ asset path 403. Needed to delete .htaccess files that got added by apache.
error with $msg variable, just added lines to login page. FIXED
Need to set up DB. ~ FIXED, DB probabbly set up correctly.
Logout button not displayed.~ FIXED
Logout works but doesn't take you to an appriate page. ~ FIXED logout appears to be working. 
Subslip form has no date data, or shift data. ~ FIXED Changed function CreateSelectArray and  deleted the copy schedual page function.
Schedule has no date data, or shift data. ~ FIXED Changed function CreateSelectArray and  deleted the copy schedual page function.
Create shift has no date or time in listboxes. ~ FIXED Changed function CreateSelectArray and  deleted the copy schedual page function.
Schedule page has no date or time in listboxes. ~ FIXED Changed function CreateSelectArray and  deleted the copy schedual page function.
FIXED ~ Create employee has error 'Undefined property passORfail', how every employee appears to be created on update employee page, and in data base. 
FIXED ~ Create employee function doesnt create thumb nail for a new employee. 
FIXED ~ Login in with inncorrect username causes error. ~ FIXED. has to change function 'userIsInDatabase' to have an if function that checked if the row was null.
FIXED ~ 500 Error on Getallsublips call on home page.
FIXED ~ My profile page: Change profile pitcure button on my profile page has an error when clicked. 
Chat box doesnt work. 500 on get call to ReloadChatBox ~ FIXED chat box appears to be working. 
Delete Employees page has 'undefined variable $row' line 40. ~ FIXED, added control structure to stop printing variables if they are empty. 
FIXED ~ added 'php' to '<?' ~ My profile page: Certifications table has no results. 
FIXED ~ had to re write controller ~ Update employee updates but doesnt reload list.  
FIXED ~ Update employee doesnt lock id. ACTUALLY IT  DOES, it should look disabled. Like greyed out.
FIXED ~ My profile page: Change profile pitcure, error and feed back doesn't work well. 
FIXED ~ My profile page: After change profile pitcure, availavility, certifications, and notifications don't get displayed. 
Need to make a database creation script. ~ FIXED

When mouse hovers over each notification on profile page reduce new notification count. 





Need to test error responses for ajax.
Organize Subslip form in a tidy mannor.
Set up testing strategy for Subslip system. 
Set up testing strategy for profile pitcure change. 
Add feature that allows 
On create shift page limit shift date to today and forward. 
Idea for new version make a interface that allows you to create new shift types and positions
Set up testing strategy for create shift and schedule
Set up testing strategy for delete a shift

